719- random cucumber assertion steps (#726)
ScottLogic/datahelix: docs/CucumberSyntax.md

* _{field} contains numeric values between {min} and {max} inclusively_, executes the generator and asserts that _field_ contains either `null` or numeric values between _{min}_ and _{max}_. Does so in an inclusive manner for both min and max.
* _{field} contains strings of length between {min} and {max} inclusively_, executes the generator and asserts that _field_ contains either `null` or strings with lengths between _{min}_ and _{max}_. Does so in an inclusive manner for both min and max.

### Cucumber test style guide
* Tests should be written to validate one piece of logic only per test.
* Tests should specify definite expected results rather than using "should include".
* All tables should use pipe characters "|" to denote the edges of the table and the table should be sized according to the largest item in the table.
* The indentation of cucumber tests should be:
>   * **Feature / Background / Scenario / Scenario outline** - 0 spaces
>   * **Given / When / Then** - 5 spaces
>   * **And** - 7 spaces

> >   * **Tables / JSON snippets** - 2 spaces indented from the And

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>   * **Tables / JSON snippets** - 2 spaces indented from the above statement
```
